README.md, before:

# Ansible Role: PHP PECL extensions

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/geerlingguy/ansible-role-php-pecl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/geerlingguy/ansible-role-php-pecl)

Installs PHP PECL extensions on servers with PHP already installed.

## Requirements

PHP must already be installed on the server (along with the package `php-pear`), so the `pecl` command can be run.

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below, along with default values (see `defaults/main.yml`):

    php_pecl_extensions: []

A list of extensions that should be installed via `pecl install`. If you'd like to have this role install extensions like XDebug, just add it in the list, like so:

    php_pecl_extensions:
      - xdebug

## Dependencies

  - geerlingguy.php

## Example Playbook

    - hosts: webservers
      vars_files:
        - vars/main.yml
      roles:
        - { role: geerlingguy.php-pecl }

*Inside `vars/main.yml`*:

    php_pecl_extensions:
      - xdebug

## License

MIT / BSD

## Author Information

This role was created in 2014 by [Jeff Geerling](http://jeffgeerling.com/), author of [Ansible for DevOps](http://ansiblefordevops.com/).

Commit message:

removed geerlineguy.php dependency, added functionality to generate .ini files where needed

README.md, after:

# Ansible Role: PHP PECL extensions

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/geerlingguy/ansible-role-php-pecl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/geerlingguy/ansible-role-php-pecl)

Installs PHP PECL extensions on servers with PHP already installed.

## Requirements

PHP must already be installed on the server (along with the package `php-pear`), so the `pecl` command can be run.

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below, along with default values (see `defaults/main.yml`):

    php_pecl_extensions: []

A list of extensions that should be installed via `pecl install`. If you'd like to have this role install extensions like XDebug, just add it in the list, like so:

    php_pecl_extensions:
      - xdebug

## Dependencies

  - geerlingguy.php

## Example Playbook

    - hosts: webservers
      vars_files:
        - vars/main.yml
      roles:
        - { role: geerlingguy.php-pecl }

*Inside `vars/main.yml`*:

    php_pecl_extensions:
      - xdebug

## Generating .ini files on the fly

Some PHP extensions need to be included as part of your php.ini, or (preferred) as an individual {extension}.ini. To have Ansible generate these files; provide the path to your php_ini_dir and an array of extensions as below:

    roles:
      - role: ansible-role-php-pecl
        php_pecl_extensions:
          - oauth
        php_ini_dir: "/etc/php.d"
        php_pecl_extensions_requiring_ini_files:
          - oauth

## License

MIT / BSD

## Author Information

This role was created in 2014 by [Jeff Geerling](http://jeffgeerling.com/), author of [Ansible for DevOps](http://ansiblefordevops.com/).
